Updates to the Readme (#121)
Holo-Host/edgenode: USAGE.md

- `init_zome_calls`: This array allows you to specify zome calls that should be executed right after the hApp is installed. This is useful for initialization tasks.
  - The `payload` field in a zome call can contain the placeholder `<NODE_NAME>`. This placeholder will be dynamically replaced with the `NODE_NAME` provided during the `install_happ` execution. If no `NODE_NAME` is provided, it defaults to the machine's hostname. This is particularly useful for creating flexible configurations that can be reused across different nodes without modification. For example, you could have a payload like `{"node_name": "<NODE_NAME>"}` and the script will substitute `<NODE_NAME>` with the actual node name.

- `payorUnytAgentPubKey`: Unyt Agent who will be paying
- `agreementHash`: the action hash agreement that invoices will get attached to for the work performed.

> - `payeeUnytAgentPubKey`: Optional Unyt Agent who will get paid (will be validated against sys registered agent)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `payeeUnytAgentPubKey`: Optional Unyt Agent considered to be providing the accounted for resources (will be validated against sys registered agent)
```

- `priceSheetHash`: Optional data blob action hash, in case different nodes can use different prices and it's not fixed in the Agreement

Step 2: Send the file to the Edge Node Operator or put it someplace on the internet so that it can be downloaded, i.e. a github.gist, etc.

That's it!

## Edge Node Operator Instructions

To be an Edge Node Operator, you simply need to pull down and run the Edge Node container on the platform of your choice.  This can be a HoloPort, virtual machine, a machine that you already have that runs docker or some other OCI container executable device, or any other machine on which you have installed our minimal Linux ISO image. The key requirement is that you are running Docker. Here we provide instructions for various of these use-cases:

### I have a HoloPort or spare computer at home I want to use for providing an Edge Node

Step 1: Install the ISO on the machine:

> 1. Download the ISO image here: https://github.com/Holo-Host/edgenode/releases/tag/v0.0.7ga.5

Reviewer: I'm a little worried about putting the actual release number here because then we need to really be on top of updating these docs.  Can we generalize this a little, or if you are on it @SIR-R0B and it feels worth it, we can leave it.

Author: I had the same thought. I feel good to hold it though, the problem is if someone goes to the releases page the HolOS releases often get buried by the Edge Node releases
